Github Deploy Link: https://bradfan.github.io/tech-blog/

Video Link: 

When the user visits the CMS-style blog site for the first time, they are presented with the homepage, which includes existing blog posts if any have been posted, navigation links for the homepage and the dashboard and the option to log in. When they click on the homepage option, they are taken to the homepage. When they click on any other links in the navigation they are prompted to either sign up or sign in. If they choose to sign up, they are prompted to create a username and password when they click on the sign-up button. Their user credentials are saved and they are logged into the site. When they revisit the site at a later time and choose to sign in they are prompted to enter their username and password. When they are signed in to the site they see navigation links for the homepage, the dashboard, and the option to log out. When they click on the homepage option in the navigation they are taken to the homepage and presented with existing blog posts that include the post title and the date created. When they click on an existing blog post they are presented with the post title, contents, post creator’s username, and date created for that post and have the option to leave a comment. When they enter a comment and click on the submit button while signed in, the comment is saved and the post is updated to display the comment, the comment creator’s username, and the date created. When they click on the dashboard option in the navigation they are taken to the dashboard and presented with any blog posts they have already created and the option to add a new blog post. When they click on the button to add a new blog post, they are prompted to enter both a title and contents for their blog post. When they click on the button to create a new blog post, the title and contents of my post are saved and they am taken back to an updated dashboard with their new blog post. When they click on one of my existing posts in the dashboard they are able to delete or update their post and taken back to an updated dashboard. When they click on the logout option in the navigation they are signed out of the site. When they are idle on the page for more than a set time they are automatically signed out of the site.